androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
io/invertase/firebase/functions/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.functions.R$xml
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
com/babinsa/Modules/NotificationModule.java
 com.babinsa.Modules.NotificationModule
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/babinsa/Utils/Consta.java
 com.babinsa.Utils.Consta
 com.babinsa.Utils.Consta$1
 com.babinsa.Utils.Consta$ImageUrlApplier
 com.babinsa.Utils.Consta$ImageUrlApplier$Listener
 com.babinsa.Utils.Consta$ModelItemMap
 com.babinsa.Utils.Consta$getBitmapFromURL
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/google/android/gms/maps/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/babinsa/Modules/ImageDetail.java
 com.babinsa.Modules.ImageDetail
 com.babinsa.Modules.ImageDetail$ScaleListener
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
com/babinsa/Modules/PrefModule.java
 com.babinsa.Modules.PrefModule
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
io/invertase/firebase/messaging/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$xml
io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
com/babinsa/MainActivity.java
 com.babinsa.MainActivity
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
com/babinsa/R.java
 com.babinsa.R
 com.babinsa.R$anim
 com.babinsa.R$animator
 com.babinsa.R$attr
 com.babinsa.R$bool
 com.babinsa.R$color
 com.babinsa.R$dimen
 com.babinsa.R$drawable
 com.babinsa.R$id
 com.babinsa.R$integer
 com.babinsa.R$interpolator
 com.babinsa.R$layout
 com.babinsa.R$mipmap
 com.babinsa.R$string
 com.babinsa.R$style
 com.babinsa.R$styleable
 com.babinsa.R$xml
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
com/babinsa/Modules/SubmitModule.java
 com.babinsa.Modules.SubmitModule
 com.babinsa.Modules.SubmitModule$BaseView
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
com/google/firebase/storage/R.java
 com.google.firebase.storage.R
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$color
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$id
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$string
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$style
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$styleable
com/babinsa/Modules/HtmlTextModule.java
 com.babinsa.Modules.HtmlTextModule
 com.babinsa.Modules.HtmlTextModule$HtmlView
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
com/babinsa/Modules/ImageWidget.java
 com.babinsa.Modules.ImageWidget
com/babinsa/Utils/SharedHandler.java
 com.babinsa.Utils.SharedHandler
com/google/firebase/functions/R.java
 com.google.firebase.functions.R
 com.google.firebase.functions.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.functions.R$color
 com.google.firebase.functions.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.functions.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.functions.R$id
 com.google.firebase.functions.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.functions.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.functions.R$string
 com.google.firebase.functions.R$style
 com.google.firebase.functions.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
io/invertase/firebase/firestore/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$xml
com/swmansion/gesturehandler/react/R.java
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$anim
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$attr
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$bool
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$color
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$id
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$integer
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$layout
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$string
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$style
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
com/babinsa/Modules/SlideListModule.java
 com.babinsa.Modules.SlideListModule
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
io/invertase/firebase/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.R
 io.invertase.firebase.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
io/invertase/firebase/auth/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$xml
com/babinsa/BuildConfig.java
 com.babinsa.BuildConfig
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/babinsa/Utils/ImageLoader.java
 com.babinsa.Utils.ImageLoader
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/babinsa/Modules/LocationModule.java
 com.babinsa.Modules.LocationModule
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/babinsa/Packages/CusPackages.java
 com.babinsa.Packages.CusPackages
com/swmansion/reanimated/R.java
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$anim
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$attr
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$bool
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$color
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$id
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$integer
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$layout
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$string
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$style
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$xml
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
org/webkit/androidjsc/R.java
 org.webkit.androidjsc.R
com/babinsa/MainApplication.java
 com.babinsa.MainApplication
 com.babinsa.MainApplication$1
com/babinsa/Modules/ImageModule.java
 com.babinsa.Modules.ImageModule
 com.babinsa.Modules.ImageModule$ImageGroup
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/babinsa/Modules/PdfModule.java
 com.babinsa.Modules.PdfModule
 com.babinsa.Modules.PdfModule$1
 com.babinsa.Modules.PdfModule$BaseView
 com.babinsa.Modules.PdfModule$BaseView$ScaleListener
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
io/invertase/firebase/storage/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
